Add inview directive (#27)
infinum/ngx-nuts-and-bolts: libs/ngx-nuts-and-bolts/src/lib/directives/in-view/README.md

# inView directive

> Often times, one may be interested to know whether or not piece of DOM is visible on user's screen. There is [Intersection Observer API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Intersection_Observer_API) just for that purpose and this directive is very simple option-less wrapper around it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often times, one may be interested to know whether or not a piece of DOM is visible on the user's screen. We utilize [Intersection Observer API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Intersection_Observer_API) just for that purpose and this directive is a very simple option-less wrapper around it.
```

Author: f33a7b5

## 1. Features

> `infInView` directive allows you to determine if a piece of DOM is visible on user's screen.

Author: f33a7b5

## 2. Usage

Simply add `infInView` directive to whatever DOM node you care about. You can then handle notifications from `(inView)` EventEmitter.

```ts
@Component({
	selector: 'app-example',

> 	template: `<div infInView (inView)="inView$.next($event)>{{ inView$ | async }}</div>`,

Author: cb2a052

> 	template: `<div infInView (inView)="inView$.next($event)>{{ inView$ | async }}</div>`,

Author: f33a7b5
